Would you like to help me?
Of course, you're the enemy of the young.
Since is my friend
But what about the young bird?
I am the red person around the chick
Go to the woodshed and ask for someone
Who can stop me?
But wouldn't that expose you?
It's a matter of time before you reveal your identity
About your brother
I can move ahead
Early Action
There are people behind you
Of course, I am the third head of Qi Jun
I infiltrated the Duke's Mansion this time
Just to find out the bottom line of the Duke's Mansion
Take down that evil woman in one fell swoop
Then you don't have to worry.
Since I promised you
Will save your brother
You two are gonna be okay
That's not what I meant.
I mean I can help you.
elder brother
Are you all right?
I'll save you now, Ah Liang
You are here, come
Brother, why did you come here to be the concubine?
It's hard to say.
I had to call you here
The partition wall has ears
Consort, are you alright?
I found some medicine to help you apply it